All right so in the last video we created the form and we test of the form to see if it was working
to see if we got some data out of it and we were able to get some data out of it.
Now this search engine is sending information.
We know that it's working.
You can see that.
But right now it's not working in a database level so we need to go to our database.
We need to make a query and find the what the user types in and compare it to what we got in the database.
Right.
So we we got what the user types and what we need to go in and jump into the database and compare it
with the data that we got in there.
All right.
So if this meant I apply this search this data to a variable I want to use that variable to go inside
the database but let's make a query first.
So we make a query here.
Let's close it before we forget.
Right.
And let's go and say select what I want to select everything right from Polsce because that's where
we are going to be looking for.
Right.
And we're going to set a condition here inside the HE WILL way or post-tax.
Remember that field in our side our database show you real quick where that is post-tax right here.
All right we made a feel inside our table polls and this is where we are going to be searching for.
So we're tax equal why let's just make sure that our search.
That's right.
You forgot this correctly you are awesome right.
But wait wait a minute.
Hold on.
This doesn't work like this.
Actually we want to be able to find out a little bit more data about about our what user types in.
So we're going to be using another key word that I want to show you about a place that we're going to
use this keyword like.
So we select everything from posts where post tax like our search is in our database.
Remember this is a string.
This is a tets coming in.
Right.
And we need to actually include something else percent here.
All right.
Perfect.
I know that we're all right but you can look it up on line.
That just makes it go.
It's like a variable.
So but anyway so now that we select everything from posts where post-tax like our search.
All right then we need to send a query to the database.
Let's go ahead and send that and we're going to say search Querrey
search query is there.
So let's use this function in mind.
You lie Querrey
right connection.
All right.
Perfect.
So I think we're good.
All right.
Let's go ahead and check to see if that work is good because I don't want to make a long piece of coal
beneath that and then find out where he's the one making the mistake.
You know the one not being this place so if I fails I'm going to use another function I'm going to use
the statement for us and say if not Querrey meaning that this returns false then we are going to be
killing everything after it.
That's what my dysfunction means and we've got to output something.
So I'm going to output Querrey failed.
First of all and then I just want to put a message also Aram
era Eskew illai actually is my guess.
Q A LIE ALL error function here with pass it in the connection and it's very good get in the habit of
doing this because that way you can find out the errors that you have to go through.
I see a lot of developers and programmers actually missing out of this information checking for the
query.
And what happens is then you have a code in your syntax and you spend like three hours looking for and
you never find it or you find it two days after.
Because sometimes you you write a lot of code and you know you just can't see it right in front of you.
The mistake is right there you can't see it because you write too much.
All right.
So
let's test this out.
Hello.
It's not working.
Of course not.
Actually my reworking I think this one has Paul stacks off.
We don't have enough there to to actually check these out.
Let me see the post tags.
Let's go to the polls and let's check out some some of the polls tags information
javascript.
When
we don't have.
Hello there.
So let's just do a simple test here just to make sure that this is actually working.
All right.
So let's actually count the rows that are coming out of our Querrey as you lie numb rolls.
Just going to check if we have any results coming in.
If not then we display some type of message right.
Well we're going to check.
We've going to take these results here and check it out.
And we're going to sign it to a variable here so that we can use it more effectively.
All right so now that we have the count there let's check it out.
Let's do another count equals zero.
Then we want to play something.
What do we want to display.
I don't know.
Something like H-1
no resort.
We can later on fix this but let's just do this real quick and find out which one are we sold.
Or let's just make sure one more time that everything is good here select from polls where poll stacks.
Like I'm pretty sure that's good.
And Querrey here is also good thing if it's not search and we have no syntax error here so let's make
sure this tax match is curly brackets.
All right.
I think it is good to see what happens.
So when I say hello no result.
All right so in that coming up with waiting for put Edwin Dan addling is right here.
If I put Belinda our key word listee that Linda actually we have the polls tagging here somewhere post-tax.
Right.
And
it is actually coming now it's displaying the data right here.
But he's also explained this one here.
So we need to make it a little bit more descriptive list.
Eddy this one here and let's this is the let's just enter one key word here.
Melinda centers should work anyway.
Well
actually the reason why this is not working is because we're not telling you what to display.
All right.
We're not telling.
We're not selling this display this display right.
This is all the functionality right here but we're not selling it.
Hey when you find your own what are you going to display.
Right.
Because right now if we say else of course not we say some result right.
Because if it comes it comes with a saw then we'll explain something.
I'll show you right now.
It is finding stuff out.
We just can't display it right now so we say Belinda You see some result we just haven't given the data.
So the last lecture we're going to give us some data.
All right.
And we're going to make this display something else.
All right so it is working.
We just got to give us some data to explain.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
I'll see you the next one.
Take care.